but i can step in and shield you from that extra work again and then you get the qualified ones like the qualifying of the questions for me and the pricing that is going to be the weed out so when you get them you know they're they may not go through with it but they're okay with all the pricing and everything and they're okay with the questions because the questions kind of tell them i don't think i'm right for this and when they get into feedback i don't think i'm right with this Why don't you think you're right, John? And they write me a question. I can share that with you. You can say, you know what, Brett? Let him go. And then we can send him a follow-up template. Hey, I know you came through Jason as a referral, but at this time, you don't qualify because of these things. Maybe in the future, or if you can send me somebody else. That's another thing I said. And I can send you, you know, we can go over this again. Here's the other thing. I didn't notice. You have no referral program. I know nobody likes to give away money. But to me, giving away a little money is better than not getting a lead. And the people that you have, people work off of money, man. They're like Pavlov's dog. If you had somebody that worked with you and you gave them a tent, they cost them ten grand or they went on the referral program for, you said, two thousand a month to, like, finance it. Give somebody a free month. I'm not saying you have to do that. Give them a free month or give them a thousand bucks. Guess what? If they do that, now they got money involved. Let's say they have no time to do it. If they have money involved and are hurting for money, now they say, you know what? I have a few friends that may be right for this. Now they're going to get money for it, right? If those people they refer, refer other people, make it like a pyramid. Give the first person a two hundred and fifty dollar referral on the back of the other person, but give that person maybe a little less of a referral. So you're kind of splitting hairs, but you're still getting a trickle down thing. But you may be making eighty five or nine thousand on a ten thousand, but money works for everybody. And referral programs, you may want to check out the landscape of other people doing what you or we are going to be doing. I don't think anybody's getting referral fees. So look, if you make two extra deals a year, guess what? That pays for every referral fee you've got. And it's going to be an ROI thing, not a, I don't want to give out money. Investors just need to understand it's not about making more money on every deal. It's about the numbers of deals you're making. And I'm hoping, you know, if I can bring in a couple extra deals a month for you guys, or four deals a month, I can make my commission to be happy. But you guys are starting to do, you can grow the business quicker. You have more money coming in. You guys can focus on siloing off the busy bullshit work. And I'm not saying I love bullshit work, but you know what? I'm coming into your company as the low guy with totem pole. I got to prove myself. I have to prove myself qualifyingly to do what I do because that's what I've done my whole career in recruiting. I just have to figure out how technically I can make it as easy as possible with not being afraid to do the hard work. So today, yeah. If you want to figure out, you know, and we don't think, listen, I don't have to put in ten hours this week and build you. You and I can meet a couple times this week, so you and I can get completely linked up, synergistically aligned, as we say in the business, and I can put in ten hours next week. You can talk to your investors, because you don't need to put them under the firing of your squad too quickly. Take it organically. I'm not in that big of a rush, so Me and you, I'll work as many hours as you want this week, but I don't want you to feel like you're traveling and nothing's going to lose me. I have other interviews, but this is my focus, man. If I have free offers, I'm taking yours a hundred percent. I'm just telling you, I'm not a rollover, but... This is a small company. It feels like, to me, like it's immune from the economy, which is my major focus. You get my drift? Yeah. These are non-immigrant visas, so I can feel comfortable working my goddamn ass off. I don't even know if there's equity involved in your company. If there is, listen, I'd love to put my head down, help you build this thing astronomically, and hopefully be able to retire from this gig. I know it's wishful thinking, but that's how I feel. It could happen. I'm a big picture long-term guy. thing i can because i don't want to go to contracts if this is a full-time offer you make me hopefully i'm going to love that more than a contract because full-time is not a guarantee i know that everything's at the middle but contracts six months i'm back to the rat gate i mean i don't like it because there's no guarantee nothing's guaranteed i say of course she said i did I'd be the guy on LinkedIn posting, hey, you know, I'm working on my day on the first job. I'll pay you, pay the investors. Thank you guys immensely. You can run me an intro, introduce me to the world. What you do, outline what you do for the O to ones, the EVs, make it simplistically brilliant. We have awesome referral fee programs. I've worked with athletes like flex your goddamn muscles because that's the intro to the world. If anybody has any interest, call my head of business development. Give me the best title you can because I don't care. But I could be the global VP of business development because it's flexing my muscles for the team. And the athletes you have, I wouldn't put some money in there that may push back on you, an athlete. but if you have somebody like in India, I'm gonna be tackling the Indian market, which is probably your best source for the PHBs. You can wanna mention that guy who's really famous. And ask him if you can tag him in. And again, he could tell him, jump into the thread when you post it and have him write a message there. Hey guys, if anybody knows me or whatever, please reach out to me on LinkedIn. I will set you up with them or pay Brett directly. And I'll be your literally Your guy on LinkedIn for the social media stuff, I'll join your Instagram thing. Your Instagram thing is short, but you don't have time to do that. What I'm saying is, once you start getting a revenue stream, you might start putting revenue aside for a professional social media person. Yeah, for sure. They will run the social media. I'll give you an example. When I was at SAP, this guy, Kevin, I don't know, I don't know if your name is coming to me right now. But people just kind of gave me a twenty-five recruiters in S&P, and one of them had a full desk, had a full desk for the market and sourcing. He had access to all twenty-five recruiters of S&P accounts. He would send messages for every one of us, globally, and he'd brand what we're doing. He'd hire together. He would just send out messages for all of us. I could message him flat, right? They were amazing on LinkedIn. Our boss locally said, do not tell them you're not doing it. They pray for it, and they care, but if you get the right person, not just somebody that you can get looks and whatever, those are important, but you want to get somebody that specializes in the software market or the integration market, because integration is kind of getting a really black eye right now, so it's probably getting less and less views, but if you use professional athletes and the mobile page, these are going to change the world. Schools, branding in schools, putting on the golden boards, getting into the admissions department to get those scholars, as soon as they walk out of that school, like that guy, what's his name in India he said? Ankit. Okay, where did he go to school? Probably a very prestigious school in India. Guess what? If you're not working with that school, not shame on you. Shame on us for not working with them. Getting him to get in touch with the school for saying, hey, the answer is called getting nominated for the week. Oh, that's right. You know, you're talking about Siobhan. Yeah, you're talking about the Siobhan guy. Yeah, I know who you're talking about. If they tie you into the Indian schools of the medical departments, guess what? They will love to have a portal to the United States, and they probably don't. And I've set those up, too, with Carnegie Mellon, with UT, which is a great computer science school. No one knows about UT, but it's a great school for secure science. Carnegie Mellon, where the founder of Arista Networks, who's a billionaire who founded Sun Microsystems, he went there. then you got all the schools like cal poly and stanford but yeah if you could tap into the indian schools of education like two or three of them um and get a famous person from there if you don't get the one that guy and you'll start to every every graduation you may get i think they get ten fifteen twenty students emailing us to get into this program and guess what the schools may sponsor them for the ten thousand to get i'm telling you man this is untapped stuff those leads, if money's the issue, the school may subsidize it. And then you have scholarships in that guy's name, the famous guy. So let's, let's, we can dig into that as well. So dude, my mind has been on the hamster wheel and I'm not a workaholic, but you could see where the line's going. I'm thinking of a lot of avenues. I can't tackle them all, but they're going to, all the dominoes are all going to fall. And, uh, I think in a year from now, maybe we go on like a club trip, whoever's in the company, and we sit down and say, I'm glad we found each other, my man. Yeah. Hell yeah. I want you to reap the benefits for your son. I want you to have, you know, generational wealth, which I'm sure you may have already. I don't. I don't regret it. I regret not having enough money to retire. But I see this as a vehicle for me to do really good things for you. But let's be honest, I am selfish. I want to do what you want. No, no. That's all good. I'll start with the equity thing. I need to get this going so the real equity is in the placements of the talent and employers. So that's where, like, there's definitely, like, once this gets going and then I can get that up, that's where the... That's where the equity is. Perhaps what I've been working on actually is a portal because a lot of times I'll come and say like, hey, we want a job offer before we go and get the visa. And so I was like, oh, I can't really do that. But what I can do is set up an exchange of interest letters. So it's like one of the services you get is you can get a subscription to a website to where we put you up and we put your score of how eligible you are for O-one and the status of your process, whether you're getting ready to file. And then we go to employers and say like, hey, we have all this talent here that all you have to do is click a button and it creates an interest letter. And an interest letter, you say you're interested in them from a salary range from this to this for this period of time. And this is the skill set you're looking for. So that way, when they do file their visa, they'll have that interest letter in there. So they're already authorized to work with you if they get approved. Nice. Can I ask you a question? You can be totally honest, but I'm going to be straight to the point. Yeah. Do you anticipate making me an offer? Yes. Okay. Is it full-time or is it a contract? I want to be full-time. Okay. I'll leave that with you. I'm not going to be put on fire. I was just asking because... You know, and this is what I'm saying. I'm going to, you know, whether I work this week, we can get things going. I don't want to take money from you if you don't have a tangible plan to move the needle. No, no, no. I need your money and stuff like that. I do have a tangible plan. Like, what is, like, if it came down to an owner, like, an investor was, like, cold feet, I'd be like, hey, Brett, you close the first two deals and stuff like that, I'll just give you all of that. Right? And then that'll be, like, that'll be, like, the start of, like, you know, I'll just do it myself. Like, so I'd rather pay you than pay me. At this point, I need your help. I was saying tangible plan for the ten hours. Oh, yeah, I was getting into that. Yeah. All right. So. Yeah, I was going to go through. Go ahead. Say what you're saying. And I was going to go through your points that it kind of includes that discussion. I would say if we didn't have a tangible plan. Ten hours, like I said. We'll work that. I'll leave the other stuff with you. I'll talk to you, and we'll work through everything. Just tell me what you're thinking, and we'll get there. Because I tell people this when I'm recruiting. I say, look, look, and tell the person who's making the offer, and I'll say it to you. I am going to work for you, one hundred percent. So let your guard down and tell me where you are, and I'll accommodate whatever you want to do, and we'll compromise, and we'll get to a point that works for both. So pressure's off. We're going to work together. I'm just telling you that. I'm giving you my word on that. Whatever the numbers are, we'll work together. And if it has to be, they want to throw a lower hourly rate, which I'm sure won't be lower than fifty, but if it is, I'll work a commission that works, because I'm already working on numbers in my head. So regardless of that, we'll work through this week within ten hours, and I'll be able to do that. Because I'm paying, if I had Cobra, I was paying nine hundred and forty dollars for Cobra, which is a joke. I just switched to the Marketplace. So, I thought Obamacare was the Marketplace, only made forty grand last year this year forty grand i usually made one sixteen one eighty but that's i want to get off this and have insurance so if there's insurance involved and it's full time that's what i'm looking at and if there's equity like if you're sharing my stock if it's available great I'll know the offer when I see it and I'm not worried about it. So back to you in the newsroom, Sharon. Yeah. So that equity is in the employer side, but it's like this needs to go. So there's talent for the employers to get right. Cause they like, you know, like the places, especially like say I'm a hundred grand from April needs. I'm trying to go for the twenty, thirty percent, like it used to be, you know, because one is they don't have anywhere else to go to. They'd have to spend it anyway. So they can't do the five, ten thousand placement. You know what I mean? Like the local equity isn't shares. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm talking about shares of that company. That's what I'm talking about. I'm saying this. The shares, the generational wealth is in the placements like getting the visas, like them to pay for the visas. That's good. But like the shares, it would be in the the employment company, which would be more money. than the visa work does that make sense but you don't have a stock plan like that that you do from your company's perspective no what i'm saying is that's going to be done with the employment side so like this We'll talk about that later. All right. So let's go over my points and then we'll talk about the ten items. All right. So then the first one was branding. There is a regulatory reason why the branding is different. And that's because USCIS is assholes. And sometimes we hit them from different brands depending on how they're behaving. So it's really a regulatory thing. And then also it's for a branding purpose because they're going after different type of people. with the brand. So really for a petitioning service in about a month and a half, there'll be like six of them. They all do the same thing, but they have different price points and they push out different types of content. That's because they get different type of individuals. And then the other one is because regulatory wise, when we're sending stuff to USCIS with different names on it, we can kind of keep them guessing a little bit because they're ultra aggressive. Yeah. All right, so then the second one I think was about access to tools and stuff like that. So yes, you definitely have the email address. We'll get you on the company LinkedIn page or if you actually need to make better. I'd actually give you access to my LinkedIn because the main thing that needs to be done now, like on ten hours, it's like there's been a lot of meetings booked in my LinkedIn that they might show up, but it's probably somebody to follow up with them correctly and do it, and it's increasing every day. So one is I give you access to my LinkedIn account, so you can just respond to them and do that. And then also probably access to the email account that they send me in too, so you can kind of see that. Let me ask you a question. Your LinkedIn account, am I going to have, if I have a LinkedIn seat for myself, I can build a network through my seat? Because my LinkedIn account, Like, every time I have a LinkedIn recruiter license, it's not with your credit and staffing. Because if I go for a LinkedIn account under your company name, I use all my LinkedIn contacts. I have tens of thousands. But if I use your LinkedIn account, every email goes out under your email. So it's like, and I don't want to build your account, but it's not under me. So it's like I don't get an identity on LinkedIn under myself. So what happens is if you got me a seat, let's say, for a year, let's say it's a thousand bucks. It's not cheap, but the ROI in one place that pays for that pretty much. So I would put the seat under credit and staffing. I would have all the emails come to credit and staffing, but obviously on my page, it would have right at innovative, my email, the company's there. It would just, people would send me emails going to me as your company, but it was logged through my vending staffing. So when I add some money to my account, would add to my my personal inside twenty thousand contacts i almost lost my personal account and the company set it up under the business account i worked for and guess what thank god i didn't merge it because i merged it i would have lost my work for thirty years on linkedin uh a little bit tricky how you do it but i'll i'll make you go work and work through that so if i access to your account um for now it's fine but i probably need a linkedin seat if we make this official All right, that's fine. Right now, I'm just talking about the simple problem that there's like, twenty, thirty appointments that was set in my actual, like, account. I mean, even if it's not my account, I don't know, maybe I can have my admin come and just get their emails, a list of the emails of people that scheduled appointments over the past month, and then just send them to you, like, with notes and, like, their email. So, like, hey, and then you can get it back. So, like, hey, I noticed that you didn't, like, make your appointment. You know, let me, you know, talk to you about your, whatever you got to say. to get them back on the phone and then work that out. All right, so I mean, basically I'm saying, I'm just saying simply, I just need to get that information out of my box and into somewhere that I can go. Now, the other part I need to do is switch it so that our automation has a Cal.com that goes to yours. So that way when they're scheduling appointments in general, it's going to yours and then you can, you know, move them around how you need it to be. Because right now the automation, you know, automation is set onto like my calendar goes to me, but I can easily switch it to go to yours. I just have to create your emails and then have the developer create your, um, your cal.com, uh, account, and then like sync that up to whatever calendar that you wanted to block it off of. Or you can just send them a message saying, Hey, block that. Make sure it's only for these times. on these days or whatever, so they can do that. Okay, that's perfect. Here's the thing. When you have these leads, when people fill up the lead, they want information, right? Let's try to make, if we can, maybe you'll know, we can get the Calendly link. So when they want to get information, right? If we get the Calendly link in that thing they're looking at for request information, so their request for information, they can actually schedule a call with me to get the information. So it doesn't even go into the email. See, I think, I think that you're like, okay, there's an automation that adds them on LinkedIn and says, hey, are you interested in O-one? They say yes. Then like I have somebody going that says, okay, go use this to schedule an appointment. And that's just how the appointments are being scheduled. Like now it's not like a big. Right. So when it, yeah, when that message is sent saying like, hey, here it is. to schedule an appointment, that simple link can just be like what goes to your calendar, like right there for that specific one. And then what I'm trying to make sure is that once they schedule the appointment, that takes them to the website so they can see the pricing. So it's not like they don't have an opportunity to see what it costs. So I think that's in place. I need to go check with the developer to make sure they got it right. I have to do a little bit of micromanaging there. um which is what sucks because i got a lot of other stuff to do but it is what it is even even if they set the appointment okay we can make it simple as possible okay any other qualifying questions that help weed it out because they don't make the questions then maybe they can't set the appointment or they send the appointment right i can say to them in the appointment of hey i'm sending you also right now Here's the information you requested. We talk about it with the questions. Here's the pricing sheet. Please look over it and make sure you're comfortable before we take the next steps. I can also do that on the phone with them. If they look at it, they may still have more questions. So if you don't want to mic around your developers, build in the pricing into my original screen and I can hand it off. Now here's the other thing I forgot to say to you in my notes because I'm striving. Listen, everybody loves automation, correct? Yes, right? Everyone loves to do things faster. You know what the one major malfunction is with human beings today, what everyone's lacking and everyone's yearning for desperately? It's human interaction. So for me coming in, giving someone a cell phone, them knowing they can get me any time, me reaching out to them and having an interview, not your automated emails, not that they're bullshit, but no offense to you or anybody, I think automated emails are bullshit. Because you know what? Everybody knows what's happening. They think you don't give a shit about them. So the fact that they can get a link to get information and it's not, hey, here's the information. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But for me to reach out and say, hey, listen, John, I know you're around the world, but no big deal. I'm in America. Look at my calendar. If you want to set an appointment with me, set it up. I'll be happy to meet you live, even if it's after hours. Any questions you have, text me on WhatsApp. And the fact they know they can reach me, I guarantee you that is ninety-nine percent better than every other organization that does what you do. And that alone, if you're tied with sixty other agencies, you will get more deals because I've been . Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, I love that. No, it is better. Like, in fact, I've been turning off my automations as fast as I can, so it just does more harm than it does good. So, that's fine. Yeah. Like, I think will be is, it's just like a natural thing. So like when they fill out the appointment thing, they'll send a message to you letting you know that they've been scheduled, but it just be to the point that it just goes to the homepage of that website. One day when they finish, but it's not going to be anything like hard not to make them look at it. Cause I know that you'll follow up with them. So that was questions on the website. Let's talk about it on the call and I'll go over pricing with you. Yeah. Yeah, what I can do is I'll go through all of them. I'll get their emails and notes on them, put them into like a doc sheet and then send it to you. And so that way, when you have your email account, which will happen today, I'll get that done. I'm about to take it back to Charlotte. I decided not to go anywhere. um then i'll have that done so then you could just email them from your your account that'll be set up and just you know like hey just pick an interest notice that you you know didn't make the meeting just want to keep your conversation going or you know whatever you want to say and then that will be there some of them might have fun numbers too okay exactly so those how many people are are how many people are on the list that you need to call on the service yes that's what i'm saying like if you wanted to I don't say make it easier for you or me. If you have those thirty, you could literally send me an email from you, copy me and blind copy the thirty of them, saying, hey, my head of business development is going to follow up with you. Here's this county link or whatever. And just like, you could just poke it to them and they could just start signing up with me directly. Or I'll follow up all that myself. Yeah, I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that and seduce so that she gets number two. I'm not always this high octane. I'm just excited. So I think you and me, we got each other. Let's slow it down. We're going to make it happen. I think a couple of weeks we'll get through all the excitement and with the puppy love and we're going to make this easier for both of us. So anything else you need for me right now, if not do your thing. Today's Tuesday. so i'll give you ten hours regardless if it's five and five on thursday friday so don't rush don't do anything you don't want to do if you want to get as soon as possible you got ten hours for me and i'm looking forward to what's coming next week and uh listen call me anytime and i've noticed one thing if you don't mind me saying it yeah you are very um you're very busy but i think the biggest issue you have and i don't know if it's just because you're busy Like, you'll say to me, hey, I can't do it in two, can you do it in three? And then you revert back to thinking it's in two. And I don't know, I think you're so, and listen, I'm not busting your balls. I'm a friend now, so I hope I have some time to do the same. I do the same thing. The harder I work, the less organized I get. And I think you're very organized, but I think you're a victim of just like running too fast for what you're doing and it's causing you to, You could score meetings with me all day long. I'm not a threat to you. You don't lose money with me. But I think once you get everything organized, you have to let me help you. Almost like I could be an admin for you, too, and help you. It's not saying you're a child, but I think that's the one thing I see with you. And if you don't mind me saying it, I think you have some type issues because you're running too thin. And I think it's not because of you. You don't have a problem with that. I think you're just spread too thin. That's all. I am. because of trying to, you know, just do the business development, keep my lights on and a lot of micromanaging. I can't really, uh, I am doing grunt work now, but I'm telling you in five years from now or three years, two years, whatever, We're gonna get people aboard that are gonna come in underneath me on the human capital side, that are gonna do all the stuff that I'm doing at the ground level, some young guns, right? I wish he failed, that are gonna do it, he or she, that are gonna do all the things we done at the ground level, where you and I are gonna be pretty much above the frame, and then I'm gonna probably, hopefully, grow into a pet box for human capital, where I could take over the people side of this, and you could take overhead of revenue and stuff, hire a RevOps person. There's layers to this. You have no layers. Your ground level, he reports to you and you're wearing about thirty-five hats. So I will release the bow for you and the pressure. Just give yourself some grace is all I ask. Give yourself time to let people help you because I know I told you about other owners on a hard time getting their hands off the baby. It's not a light switch. It's a process. And just all I ask is give me and yourself some grace in this process because I'm telling you, man, I'm not talking, but I'm going to help you tremendously. I've done it for people like you. I'm not a guru. I may not work out for you. I'm kidding. I understand. But I'm going to help you breathe more. I'm going to help you enjoy your family more. And that is what I think I can give to you. And you're going to give me life and business again. So it's a two-way street, man. We're going to make each other's lives much better. I appreciate you. That's Hey, yeah, let's, let's do it. There's a, there's one other thing that you're trying to get to, uh, we were talking about the different brands and tabs. So, so like those things like a follow, like the brands for petitioning service and shared sports visas, that's kind of like one of the things like where they kind of like take it or they don't, although it is good revenue and it seems that the automated messaging wasn't working as well. What I will do. is make a, just a sheet, like a sheet for you. Like with tabs, they'll just feel like, it won't be a lot of information. They'll just say, and I'll have my admin comb it for just the hot leads, like leads that like make sense. It puts like my client, and then just have like simple stuff. It'll just be their name, phone number, email, and visa they wanted, and a price. So I'll just get you that. And then the support is, There's a guy named and kit who's very good at like sending the follow-up email. Like, you know, he's not good at like the personal stuff, like saying like, Hey, do you have everything you need? Are you ready to move forward? If they say yes, it's not like you need to send an email back. You can tell and kit that they're ready to go. And I set it up in like, um, a G chat. So we're like, we're all being a Gmail chat or something like that, or like whatever works for everybody. So they'd be like, Hey, I spoke to so-and-so they're ready for you now. And then he'll just take care of it, send the email and go. Because I know it can be a pain in the ass to get the links and stuff all that together. You'll teach me because the one thing is you can set up one Excel spreadsheet and in the column where we look, you'll type a visa. You can toggle it by the visa and it'll rack them off in different colors. You don't really need three Excel spreadsheets because that becomes more convoluted with different tabs. So you can put it on one sheet and you can toggle it for each type of visa you want and it separates them alphabetically. Where's this guy? What country is he in? India? Yeah. How many employees do you have in the contract? How many people do you have on payroll? Five right now. So two in India, one in Indiana, you, and another person, and then I'll be six? Yeah, there's Nigeria, two in India, one in the Philippines, well, two in the Philippines now, kind of. Another one, Indiana, and me. So you're six and I'm five. And then Pat Bell is the partner. day-to-day, or just the investor? The investor. Okay, so you heard Tom. I'll be second, right? Yep. Is there a way to gather everybody on a call that works, or is that virtually impossible? I think it's... Either do it like an absurd, I don't know, I'll wait, because I think also it sounds corny, but you're like, we're old school. To have everybody on a call, now, if they don't speak English, that is a problem for your community, but... If they understand who is a translator, hey, I'm not looking to be narcissistic, introduce me, but I think to have those types of calls, whether it's once a month, just like a check-in, to make sure everybody on the other side understands their role, understands their communication, chat, their organizational, and if someone has a problem, don't bring it to you, because that's what we have now. So one little problem that's fixable to them, the sky's falling, to you, it's easy, but it's like, fuck, they're doing it again. But I think for the company, you need to set up like a work truck and a communication line of communications where those people can come to me. And if you teach me how to fix all these things, I could absorb those calls and be like your only secret service. You see what I'm getting at? I'm gonna try to shield you from day-to-day minutiae. also take the tasks off your hand, and again, it may take six months, it may take a year, but at the end of the day, man, the dust is gonna clear, and I think, yes, I'll get the revenue coming in, and listen, even if the revenue's coming in, and guess what? If we can cancel out the other five people's pay, and then my pay, and you just have, you're just paying your salary and mine out of profits in the company, you have expenses. And here's the other thing. If you're saying that you only have all these different motivations are working properly, that may be a user error on your part, but you're tactical, maybe you're not that tactical. You can also, with the money coming in, you may not do it until you have the money coming in, fire your automation and stuff for a week. Yeah, I've got some of mine, so. Listen, gun yourself and put your product at the door, have them come in, because if they sample the automation stuff, that's fine. Yeah, I agree with you. It should be in addition. Extra support out there. Listen, as much human touch as you can do is fine, but not enough human touch where it slows down money and efficiency. But if you kick it to the curb and say, fuck it, you have Brett coming in, that's great. But you also need to have the blend. The best blend is human and AI interaction, whether it's sixty automation or forty human, or sixty human and forty automation. You don't know or I don't know exactly how your company needs to be the most efficient and maximum input output. for revenue, number one, and human interaction, number two, and you can hire somebody. And guess what? It's great to hire somebody when money's coming in. It doesn't hurt your pocketbook. Because making an investment is one thing. Making an investment where it scares you is another. But these are things you and I can talk about at a different level than asking a person in the Philippines what they think about an automation expert. You know what I mean? So we'll figure it out. By the way, I'm going home now. So you're not going to Columbia anymore? Uh-uh. No. I was like praying about ourselves to go home and clean my house. I'll be honest. I'm going home. I interviewed this company. There's a company, Translucent. They're a healthcare AI company. There's an interview for an hour. I'm not cheating on you. They made me an offer. I wouldn't even take it knowing that I possibly have an offer next week. That's why I asked you concrete because I know you wouldn't like it. What I'm saying is I have it for an hour. After one o'clock, I'm free. If you want to set up another time where we can have a video call, if you want to show me some other things, we can keep accelerating the process if you want to do that. If not, when you get my email stuff all set up and you're ready to do like a little bit more knowledge transfer or hand off, you know, those emails, say, hey, I handed off those emails to you, blah, blah, blah. Then let's do a video call when I can start my work before. Okay. I like it. And whenever you want. You got me anytime you want. Even if you're busy doing your house and all of a sudden you say, you know what, Brett? Can you do a call tonight at eight o'clock? I'm free after hours, man. You know, this type of work is not nine to five. You know that. But I'm free when you are. And again, if I can't do it, I'm not a jump high, you know, say jump. And I say how high? I can't do it. I can't do it. But keep in touch with me, man. This is not outside working hours. Just text me, call me, whatever you want. All right. I like it. Let's do it. Listen, I need you to send me pictures of your house. If it's not clean enough, I won't answer your calls. Fair enough. Have a good day, man. Thank you so much. All right. Peace. Hmm. for the black Thank you. Come on, y'all. I'm not leaving until four now. to sort of give it to me. I didn't really feel like going west and being on a plane all that long. I'm about to go back to Charlotte around four today. Did you know, in the books, Ned Stark wasn't the first to discover that Jaime had slain With a wry edge, he asked, shall I proclaim a new king as well? Jaime understood the question. Should he name Tywin, Robert Baratheon, or perhaps one of the surviving Targaryen heirs? For a brief moment, he even considered Viserys or the infant Aegon. But as he looked down at Aerys' corpse, the thought struck him. His blood runs in both of them. Proclaim who you bloody well like, he told Krakow. Then, Jaime climbed the steps of the Iron Throne, seated himself with his sword laid across his knees, and waited to see who would come to claim the kingdom. Did you know, in the books, Ned Stark wasn't the first to discover that Jaime had slain King Aerys, before he could slip away and let others spread the tale? Whose banner is that? I suppose if we used the same one on the back, it would be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire? The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light. Ah, it must be this fire priest that we hear so much about. Now I understand why you found religion in your old age. Watch yourself, Renly. No, no, I'm relieved. I really believe you're a fanatic. Charmless, rigid. Oh, yes, but not a godly man. You should kneel before your brother. He's the Lord's chosen. Born amidst salt and smoke. Born amidst salt and smoke? Is he a ham? Let's try some, won't you? Listen to yourselves. If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber until you remembered that you were brothers. It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my play. Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me. We share a common enemy. The Iron Throne is mine, by right. All those that deny it are my foes. All realm deny it, from dawn to the wall. You never wanted any friends, brother, but a man without friends is a man without power. For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn, and I will grant you your old seat in the council. I'll even name you my heir until a son is born to me. Whose banner is that? I am not commander. I'll open the case for them and let them through. I'll find them not to settle sufferable. your people need a leader and they need to get south of the wall before it's too late we don't have much time and they have less the walkers are coming they'll hit your people first i'm not asking you to make peace to save your skin make peace to save your people No, I'm at Courtney's house. I'm not taking the plane home. I'm taking the bus, so. My dad had a timeshare that he couldn't take advantage of, so he just let me have it, and I said I feel like going. Then I got this immigration attorney. Attorney, I helped out that's in Columbia. Well, he's going to Columbia Wednesday. I thought he was going to there on Monday. So I was like, oh, maybe I'll go to Columbia for a day. And then that didn't work out. So you know what? Let me pray about it. And then it's like, go home. So I'm going home. That's good. I'm going to clean my house. And not get into anything else. That's the... That's the other positive, going home. Don't spend a little money. Don't do nothing crazy. Just be home. Safe. That's what's up, though. I'm on my way to I got another deposition at one o'clock, but that's in the office. It's a client of ours. So about to head in there. Handle that. Hopefully it doesn't last too long. And then get up out of there. Because Trey and Josh, they got a course performance at school. That starts at like five fifteen. That's like thirty minutes away from my office. What time is it? Hopefully traffic is back. The performance, by fifteen. Okay. Yes, as long as I'm out of there by, you know, four thirty, I'm plenty fine. And this deposition starts at one o'clock. So, it would be extremely rare for it to go three and a half hours. But it has happened before. But that is, that's very uncommon. So, just kind of playing averages, this deposition should be done around three. at the latest. In which case, I'm good. I heard that. Yeah, man. Well, it's fun checking you. Do your thing. Say travel back to Charlotte. Alright, boys. I said, what's up? I'm going to find some food and get a form out of here. Let me find some seafood for you. Yeah. We'll be in Charlotte next week. What day do you get there? Christmas Eve. I'm not sure. I know at some point we got to leave. We're probably leaving on Christmas Day to go to Ohio. But we're going to be in Orlando until the twenty-fourth. We're flying back on the twenty-fourth. So I don't think we're going to fly to Orlando and then to Christmas on the same day. Y'all driving to Cleveland? To Columbus. Yep. Right. Who's driving? Who's we? Who you driving with? Actually, well, I know Lenita and Liam are going to Columbus. I'm not sure if we're all taking the same car or what. She's having some car issues, so we'll see about that. But I do know that we're all three somehow getting to Columbus. Got you. Okay. Yeah, I haven't picked signs with a lady yet. It's not trending. We're out of it. Then you just got to give it time, bro. Like, it may not, you know, That might be one that isn't restored or may not be, or maybe it will. But even still, whatever's going to happen, it's violations of trust take time to heal. And it's unrealistic and pretty self, and it's not an accusation towards you, just like I think people in general, particularly men, it's both unrealistic and pretty selfish to think that, oh, well, I've learned my lesson. i'm you know i'm contrite i'm sorry i'm not gonna do it again all of that stuff all right it's been a minute i've suffered from the silence for a while all right it's time for it's time for us to you know start start progressing towards being straight again but the reality is like bro it this stuff takes time You know what I mean? And you don't even really know kind of like where she was at before. So, like, you don't know if this is a last straw thing or if this is a oh, I cannot, you know, I can't believe this happened. She was blindsided kind of thing. I don't know, right? And so if, like, if she was like blindsided by it, I never would have thought that she would have done this to me or it triggered something old. You see what I'm saying? Like that is a, that is a, that's one thing, you know, and, and it could be restored, but it's going to be a lot of work and it's going to be time because the shock has to wear off. Right. Whereas on the flip side, if it, if it ain't no shock, And it's just a last straw kind of thing. Like, you know what? This ain't gonna work. I just can't do this. Well, then that's, you know, that may even be a bigger problem because it may not be no bouncing back from that. Either way, though, either way, whatever bucket it falls in, you know, you gotta, you gotta understand that it's gonna, it's gonna take her time. to, you know, come around and be straight. And it's also another thing where it's just like, it's just beyond, hey, you hurt me, but rather like, no, I just can't trust this dude's decision making. You know, that's another thing. So it's just like all those different, you know, kind of scenarios kind of have their own path forward. But, you know, the reality is that they're all going to be, you know, a path forward, and it's going to be time, and it's got to be, you know, something that you navigate through. But shoot, man, let me run to the store. We can talk more about it later. All right. Sounds good to me. Peace. Mm-hmm.