We solve problems for the best athletes, coaches, and organizations in the world. Hello, how's it going? This is Sherrod back, and right now we're going to follow up with clients that are in the waiting for response and in communication category. We'll do some... We'll do some... do some and then we'll stop and keep going um but one thing I forgot to say in the email one is like when you do send something or have a conversation with somebody you want to request uh no well they're not requesting follow-up they were sent um requested to fill out intake so you're going to put requested to fill out intake form for these ones because these are the ones I just did in the previous model uh module Now we'll get to the ones where they're kind of waiting for a response, waiting for responses. So this one looks like it's on behalf of somebody else. So it's an immigration lawyer. And we go here and see they're looking for a petitioner service only. So now that we want to know what they're talking about, we'll go open this up. She's interested in filing both A-one, they need petitioner agents, recommended on next steps. Okay, so I'll give them a call. the office of Mary Kennedy, Sanjana, a paralegal. So let's see if we can call Sanjana. To call out, we'll give you access to Google Voice, which Ankit will help you out with. And... And... I'm going to give a phone call, but you also get WhatsApp access. It might be something where you use your own for now until we can get Ankit back on board to help you on board. But for now, I'm going to go use my Google Voice and give this call out. For some reason, that didn't work at all. nine five four two zero four three two four six all right so I'll just I'll just use my cell phone today actually hold on I'm gonna pause it I'm using another cell phone pause it for I'll be right back all right we're back let's see if we got this working now Either something's wrong with their phone number or something wrong with us. But even if you can't get them on the phone, then you can always just send a follow-up message. Alright, so we'll send a message to her. I'll probably send it from my. Innovative global talent one. Petitioner services. Hello. I'll say hello. Shares Seward Regis. Wanted to follow. up on the petitioner and see if you had any questions ankit is out today so I am following up myself And Enkit can share the invoice. Okay, it actually will touch it. So let's go and get the engagement letter. oh I forgot that you couldn't see that these emails I was sending let me bring this over here well this particular one I'm doing I'm just going to do it on a different um page that you can't see except that big video I have the other one so one thing I want you to know is for doing the petitioner service of two thousand dollars it's just innovative global talent backslash two thousand and that will bring up the fee payment for that and then I'm about to go get the contract for it so I'm gonna go to google.com backslash docs engagement and so you see there's two different ones igta and um eventus this particular time we're doing um So I'm just going to download it as a PDF. And then you can't see it on my screen, but I'm going to send it to them as a PDF. And I'm being sure to BCC leads as shared sports visas. All right. The next time I'll be sure to do where you can see it. So let's try to go to the next person. That says they're waiting for a response. Let's see if they responded at all. Oh, so he wants to look if we look at his media. Yeah. So let me get with Kenzo. I'm gonna actually use a different tool for this particular one, but he's a Netflix person. So the other thing you can do is like actually like go look him up. So in this part, let's go back to Kenzo Byung and just Google his name. Or you can use chat GPT or things like that. So first we'll use Google and just see who he is. And you're pretty good at, you know, knowing somebody. So he has a lot of followers, four thousand six followers, things like that. So you can look to his history. Andy's been like a soccer player before that as a pro. Then you can use chat GPT. Like we have an evaluation. I could even say, can you look up this fighter and soccer player and see if they are a great fit for the one visa? And this one, we want to do one because he doesn't have any fights already lined up, so somebody doesn't already have something lined up like a fight or engagement. then we're usually looking to do O-one, especially if they're not gonna just be competing. So if they're doing more than competition, we have to put them in O-one, otherwise the P-one won't go through. So it's evaluating in things. I'll show you another tool that we might give you soon. So I can go to Claude and say like, go through my emails and get the context of how this conversation is going. Next, tell them from Sherrod Seward that I have reviewed documents and he is a great fit for the O-one-A and it's most appropriate because of the notoriety that you have we can do you as an influencer and you will still be able to fight Now make a message to him from me that includes the links for payment. Remember shared sports visas. So he has eight thousand for his O-one and shared sports visa. Sorry. The petitioner service is. for the petitioner services. And then give him the details on filing fees right here. That's oh one eight thousand. Make this up now. So while he's thinking through that, I'll go ahead and grab his email address. I'll send it to him direct from me. Then I'll cc ankit. because that's who he's been talking to, and also do leads. Okay. Now one, we can go check ChatGVT. It's a fast, candid read. It's in brief. Yeah, that one wasn't all that helpful because I can do it. I was at O and B. Yeah. All right. So I have this message. and kit is down today so I reviewed your media files all right so we did that and we're not going to change the status he's still waiting on a response and uh we'll do one more before we close this out and um get started again so end communication I guess that's like a level below waiting for a response. So let's see what's going on. Let's opening it up. Thank you for moves. All right. It's actually the four thousand. So and it shouldn't send this because it's a first round management. So I'm going to get this changed up. And so do they have a phone number or we don't have a phone number with them, but let's look at this next one, OK? Next, look for conversations with this person. Oh, sorry. He's going to pick up the wrong. Don't tell the stop. Let's get his. Yes, they're talking on WhatsApp. So this might not come up if they're talking on WhatsApp. this person see what has been said. So Ankit made a mistake here because some people we have a relationship with. So first round management always serves as the petitioner for their cases. We don't need them to have a petitioner service. So we're going to get rid of that and have a special pricing. We just charged them four thousand for the P one. All right, so now it's like looking through the email. I'm gonna start writing, it's like, make a follow-up message from Sherrod Seward to them saying, apologies, there is a further discount for FRM clients. It's four thousand Not six thousand and the details. On filing fees you can see. Here now I don't think we have four thousand for that page. Let's see. So in the case that like if we go P one four thousand and it doesn't exist, then we'll just use one of the higher ones. So let's say six thousand. Right? And then we'll tell him. Remember your price is four thousand and you do not need a petitioner. Service so that's WW dot. Oh sorry. Make this follow-up message. Then we'll copy that to leads and send it to them. So we can start setting it up now. But the hot ones, we generally want to push one every two days if they're actively having a conversation. If they're not having one, we want to hit them up at least once a week. Yeah. Brunswick. Then we want to do BCC leads. Then let's see if the message is ready. That's about the whole thing. Okay. That looks good. Oh yeah, I need to. Copy and kit. I will send that out. OK, then we'll stop this one. And then we'll keep going with some more.