We solve problems for the best athletes, coaches, and organizations in the world. All right. How's it going? Hope all is well. We're going, they're following up on where there's a lot of these sent intake forms, sent consultation link, things of that nature. I'll tell you what, we want all of these followed up with and the ones that are in requested and the ones that are in the waiting or in communication, waiting final decision, stuff like that. We want all of them contacted. And for everyone that you can get to fill out a form, I'll give you five dollars. And yeah, so if they fill out a candidate form or if we decide that they're a good candidate for each one this week, I'll give you a five dollar a bonus on it. As you can see, there's a lot of them. So usually the ones that are most fresh are the ones that are likely to be responsive to that. So I've already sent it to like these people here. So that's not, that's not needed. I wonder what this VSCA Academy is. Let's see. Just curious. Oh, it looks like it's a boxing gym. All right. I think we already sent them. Let me make sure I sent them a message. Oops. Didn't mean to do that. It looks like I didn't say hello. I went and made some more messages that we can send them. I'll send you these templates. If it works. Looks like the screens are doing something weird. But I'll give you these templates that you can use to follow up. With these. These persons. And I want you to start doing this as soon as today and tomorrow. That's all it looks like. All right. And then leads is already copied there. Really, we can go like this. We're going to put in the BCC. We don't need to show them that. But that's what we have for that. But what I'm looking at doing is making it so that when Depending on the lead status, it'll automatically populate a subject and message here that has the first name, last name, stuff like that, and stuff relative to their notes. So I'm going to see if I can actually get a Google script that can do that. So whenever this status is updated to something positive, I'll come up with a subject and a message that makes sense to be used in that circumstance to hit them back with. All right, but for now, I'm gonna give you access to the templates and I want you to go and contact these folks with the emails and see if you can get them to fill out candidate sheets this week. And like I said, there'll be a bonus, little ones you get to do that. And that's for people that are in the request to fill out intake form. And even like the no response, the no response people would be good as well on that. All right, so we'll get to the next module.