We solve problems for the best athletes, coaches, and organizations in the world. How's it going? This is the second part of the module. What we're going to do is just show you how to send the emails that go to clients that we don't have. See where it says request intake form? We're just going to request the intake form from them. for the ones that we haven't talked to. I'm going to skip Muzam because he's actually an intern here. And so he doesn't really need to do anything with that. All right. So what we'll do is I'll just send them from mine. Oh, that's not where that goes. So we just put in recipients. I sent it from my own account. Usually I don't do that. Then under BCC, put leads. Always put leads at sharedsportsvisas.com. That'll make sure that everybody can see it. Please fill out candidate sheet. And then I'm just going to use this email that we have to this person as the test for it. Got a little bit of internet lag. Usually Ankit would be doing this, but. So we'll send that out. Then go to the next person. And I'm doing this for the people that we do not have any intake sheets or no notes on. It's like the first kind of message they get from us when they come to the firm. So we just do the same thing here. And I'll give you access to this message template. And Ankit has it as well. Let me go copy the message again. Oh, I actually sent that to the wrong name. Don't do that. That's probably why I don't send them myself. And remember to copy leads in the BCC. Then let's finally do this person. And then we'll start getting into some more nuanced work a couple at a time to show you how I work the lead list here. So new chat. Oh, she put his email there. Welcome to shared sports visas. Then we'll go and copy the message. Be sure not to include the name. Because we don't want to call people the wrong name. Alright, then you do the BCC leads. um, leads that shared sports views.com and you'll send it off. So that'll be this module. And then we'll start getting in some more nuanced work by that. I mean, people that actually, you can see they've already been sent this and we'll start doing our followups with them. All right. Talk soon.